Zelensky: That was yours? 
Trump: We thought that baggie belonged to Hunter. You know, I think the Secret Service probably still has it somewhere.
Zelensky: I have been stealing the money.
Trump:  I'm sorry, what's that now?
Zelensky: I must speak honestly. I steal many of USA dollars to Ukraine. Millions. Some dollars for some oligarchs also, some for American bureaucrats also.
Trump: Well, we know that, but why are you telling me this?
Zelensky: Because, Mr. Trump, if you end war, we cannot steal any more money. We must continue war.
Trump: No, the war must end. Your people are dying, Zelensky. They're dying.
Zelensky: But I want to steal more money. What do you want? Fellatio? I can do it.
Trump:  No, I don't want fellatio.
Zelensky: Are you sure? I did for Biden.
Trump:  Okay, that is what we call oversharing. Look, there's nothing you have that I want. You're not going to convince me to keep this war going. You don't have the cards.
Zelensky: I not play cards.
Trump:  No, I know you're not literally playing cards. It's a metaphor. It's like I'm playing 4D chess and you're playing checkers.
Zelensky: No, I'm not playing checkers. There is no checkerboard, you see?
Trump:  Okay, let's try this. I am in the driver's seat, okay? Do you understand that expression?
Zelensky: No, but we are not in camp.
Trump:  No, you're right, you're right. We're not in a car. That's true.
Zelensky: Listen, Mr. Trump, I am actor slash comedian. I crave attention. Since the start of war, I get worshipped by presidents. I'm worshipped by Hollywood. If war ends, no more attention, no more worship. With all due respect, Mr. Trump, this war must last forever. 
Trump:  I tell you what, if you agree to end this war, we will do a remake of “friends”. And you can play Ukrainian Chandler Bing. How does that sound?
Zelensky: Oh! I love the Friends.
This is a favorite show of me. I am such a Monica. 
Trump: Fantastic. Okay, so let's sign the thing and then I'll go show you the room where Bill Clinton and Monica Lewinsky did it.
Zelensky: Oh, yes, this is funny because I just say I'm such a Monica. Maybe we will go in a room and you can be Bill Clinton and I will be Monica. Yes?
Trump:  You know what? Forget the room. Let's just sign the document. Does anyone have a pen? Phil? Where's Phil? I need a pen. Somebody give me a damn pen.
